##尼禄·克劳狄乌斯：
数千年来，尼禄一直是历史学家和基督徒口诛笔伐的对象，然而关于她本人经历的历史记载多半是间接并且来源可疑的。重建罗马之后的元老院仍然与尼禄处在紧张的关系中，相比于贵族，尼禄·克劳狄乌斯更喜欢一般的市民。然而，其民粹主义的政治观念，热情洋溢，热衷浮华的性格，以及她对于传统观念的轻视使她与国家法西斯党越走越近。

For thousands of years, Nero has been the subject of historians and Christians, but the historical records of her own experiences are mostly indirect and suspicious. The Senate after the reconstruction of Rome is still in a tense relationship with Nero. Compared to the nobility, Nero Claudius prefers the average citizen. However, her populist political concept, her passionate personality, and her contempt for traditional ideas have brought her closer to the National Fascist Party.

玛丽·安托瓦内特：
曾失去国家的玛丽·安托瓦内特懂得如何从历史中吸取教训。在具有传统贵族精神和革命热情两面性的法国，玛丽毫无疑问要面对的是前所未有的复杂状况。哈布斯堡王朝的家族身份是一把双刃剑，在民族主义盛行的法国，它可能为玛丽带来祸患，但或许，它也能成为法国延伸其在奥地利、匈牙利影响力的工具；甚至，它为一个更大的法国提供了可能性，尽管这种可能性毫无疑问是危险的。

Marie Antoinette, who had once lost her country, knows how to learn from history. In France, with its traditional aristocratic spirit and revolutionary enthusiasm, Mary undoubtedly has to face an unprecedented complexity. The family identity of the Habsburg dynasty is a double-edged sword. In France, where nationalism prevails, it may bring disaster to Marie, but perhaps it can also become a tool for France to extend its influence in Austria and Hungary; It even offers possibilities for a larger France, although this possibility is undoubtedly dangerous.

贞德：
作为法国民族英雄和天主教圣人的贞德在法国人心中拥有无可替代的地位，她能在民族主义和宗教两个层面带给民众最强有力的精神鼓舞。贞德毫无疑问是法兰西抗击英格兰的标志性人物，但是二十世纪的国际局势，尤其是德国与意大利的崛起，使得贞德需要重新思考法国所处的位置：除了民族主义的矛盾，政治模式和价值观的冲突在现代世界中也会扮演越来越重要的角色。

Jeanne d'Arc, a French national hero and a Catholic saint, has an irreplaceable position in the hearts of the French. She can bring the strongest spiritual inspiration to the people on both nationalism and religion. Jeanne d'Arc is undoubtedly the iconic figure of France against England, but the international situation of the twentieth century, especially the rise of Germany and Italy, makes Jeanne d'Arc need to rethink the position of France: in addition to the contradiction of nationalism, the conflicts of political idea also play an increasingly important role in the modern world.

列奥·B·哈维：
作为西欧财阀的新一代继承人，列奥·哈维被作为一个理想、无瑕疵的领导人而培养起来。尽管哈维并不直接参与政治活动，其家族在法国的巨额财产和强大影响力已经足够使他能够参与法国的内政外交。如果极端主义的发展最终会威胁到财团的生存，哈维或许会采取行动。

As a new generation of heirs to the Western European consortium, Leo Harvey was trained as an ideal and innocent leader. Although Harvey is not directly involved in political activities, his family's huge amount of property and strong influence in France is enough to enable him to participate in French internal affairs. If the development of extremism will eventually threaten the survival of the consortium, Harvey may take action.


阿尔托利亚·潘德拉贡：
在有深厚君主制传统的英国，亚瑟王在国家中的地位是无可比拟的。虽然如今当下英国的主要人种正是亚瑟王当年抗击的盎格鲁萨克逊人，但是亚瑟王仍然会守护她新的子民。对于她来讲，相比于人为建构的民族和种族的观念，守护不列颠人民的日常生活才是君主的责任所在，这里的不列颠，当然也包括不列颠帝国在全球的殖民地。

In Britain, which has a deep monarchy tradition, King Arthur's status in the country is unparalleled. Although the main ethnic group in Britain today is the Anglo-Saxon who King Arthur fought in the past, King Arthur will still guard her new people. For her, it is the responsibility of the monarch to guard the daily life of the British people compared to the artificially constructed concept of nationality and ethnicity. This Britain, of course, also includes the colonies of the British Empire in the world.

阿格规文：
亚瑟王的左膀右臂，阿格规文，乃是圆桌骑士团能够稳定存在的关键人物。用计谋、铁腕维持着国家内政和外交的稳定局面，阿格规文就是那个愿意做脏活的人。然而尽管他对于其他骑士团成员充满了猜忌，他对于亚瑟王的忠诚确是无可否认的。

King Arthur's right arm, Agravain, is the key figure for the stable existence of the Knights of the Round Table. With the strategy and the iron fist to maintain the stability of the country's internal affairs and diplomacy, Agravain is the person who is willing to do dirty work. However, although he is full of suspicions about other Knights, his loyalty to King Arthur is undeniable.

格蕾：
格蕾是埃尔梅罗二世的学生，时钟塔的成员，但是更重要的是，她是亚瑟王的远亲。在卡美洛-伦敦的二元体制中，格蕾扮演了极为重要的中间人角色。作为国王的代表列席在时钟塔，格蕾能够成功地协调骑士团和时钟塔之间的大小矛盾。与此同时，格蕾还是一个秘密科研项目“伦戈米尼亚德”的组织者，并且直接向亚瑟王本人负责。

Gray is a student of El Melloi II, a member of the Clock Tower, but more importantly, she is a distant relative of King Arthur. In Camelot-London's dual system, Gray played an extremely important middleman role. As the representative of the king is in the clock tower, Gray can successfully coordinate the size conflict between Round Table and Clock Tower. At the same time, Gray is the organizer of a secret research project named “Rhongomyniad” and is directly responsible to King Arthur himself.

奥尔加玛丽·阿尼姆斯菲亚：
阿尼姆斯菲亚家族占有时钟塔十二君主之一，继承了先父遗产的奥尔加玛丽成为了时钟塔最有影响力的政治家之一，并且同时司掌时钟塔的天体科，事实上，一项人造天体的企划已经摆在了她的案头。阿尼姆斯菲亚家族以其控股的能源产业而知名，而有传言则称，其控股那么多能源的目的是为了一个名为“迦勒底亚斯”的大型秘密研究项目，教授雷夫，时钟塔的另一位成员，亦被指参与其中。

The Animusphere family occupies one of the twelve monarchs of the Clock Tower, and Olga Marie, who inherited the inheritance of the father, became one of the most influential politicians of the clock tower, and at the same time, the celestial body of Clock Tower, In fact, the plan for an artificial celestial body has been placed on her desk. The Animusphere family is known for its controlling energy industry, and there are rumors that its holding of so much energy is aimed at a large secret research project called "Chaldeas", Professor Lev, another member of Clock Tower, was also thought participating.


织田信长：
织田信长，雄心勃勃的大名，终于在混乱中掌握了日本的统治权。为了扩大她的军事独裁，并且推行其具有西方色彩的军国主义思想，织田一直在谋划削弱明治政府一来的国立神道教以及传统佛教力量在日本的影响力。与此同时，日本国内对其不满并且计划将其推翻的人却又比比皆是。有传言称，织田信长曾经与幕僚讨论过乘中国衰弱之际一举征服中国的计划，但是这一计划从未得到任何官方人员确认。

Oda Nobunaga, an ambitious daimyō, finally grasped the Japanese rule in chaos. In order to expand her military dictatorship and promote western-styled militarism ideas, Oda has been planning to weaken the influence of the national Shinto and the traditional Buddhist power in Japan. At the same time, people in Japan who are dissatisfied with and plan to overthrow her are everywhere. There are rumors that Oda Nobunaga has discussed with the staff the plan to conquer China in the midst of China's weakness, but this plan has never been confirmed by any official.

两仪式：
两仪式曾经是一个神秘的日本“杀人狂”都市传说，但是毫无疑问她是一个真实存在的人物。行踪诡秘、神出鬼没的她在都市的阴影最深处统治着她的黑道与商业帝国，并且通过其丈夫黑桐干也的情报网络掌握着日本国内发生的大小事务。尽管两仪式性格怪异，对于台面上的政治并无兴趣，但是不排除她与日本国内自由派和其他财阀存在合作的可能性。

Ryougi Shiki used to be a mysterious Japanese urban legend, but there is no doubt that she is a real person. Her whereabouts and secrets, she ruled her Yakuza and business empire in the shadow of the city, and grasped the information of affairs in Japan through her husband's intelligence network. Although Ryougi Shiki is weird in character and has no interest in politics on the table, she does not rule out the possibility of cooperation with Japanese liberals and other Zaibatsus.

冲田总司：
被当做刽子手培养的冲田总司已经成为了日本国内数一数二的战斗力，并且拥有强大的机动指挥能力。冲田总司作为一名武者的信条在于永远服从她的主人，而不去过问所谓的对与错。在各种意识形态迅速发展和极端主义泛滥的二十世纪，这几乎成为了一种美德。无论如何，冲田小姐对于幕府的忠诚在任何情况下都不会改变。

Okita Souji, who has been trained as a hangman, has become one of the best fighters in Japan and has strong maneuverability. The creed of the Okita Souji as a warrior is to obey her master forever, instead of asking the so-called right and wrong. In the twentieth century, when various ideologies developed rapidly and extremism flooded, this became almost a virtue. In any case, Miss Okita's loyalty to the shogunate will not change under any circumstances.

安娜斯塔西亚：
安娜斯塔西亚在俄国革命之后从布尔什维克手中侥幸逃脱，随后隐性埋名流亡至西欧。尽管希望渺茫，她从未放弃过恢复罗曼诺夫王朝在俄国的统治。尽管她尚未与俄国白军以及西方政府取得联络，但是有理由认为她只是在等待时机。

After the Russian Revolution, Anastasia escaped from the Bolsheviks and then buried in exile in Western Europe. Despite her hopes, she never gave up the restoration of the rule of the Romanov dynasty in Russia. Although she has not yet contacted the Russian White Army and the Western government, there is reason to believe that she is just waiting for the opportunity.

魔神总司：
阿赖耶党是一个集宗教、神秘主义、民族主义和泛亚细亚主义为一身的日本极右翼政党，拥有自己的准军事组织。魔神冲田总司与其说是他们的精神领袖，不如说是象征物。阿赖耶党的成员们相信自由主义和共产主义不过是西方人征服全世界的阴谋的不同路径，由此坚持反共、反英美的主张。值得注意的是，其成员相信，只要通过艰苦的宗教修炼，成员们就能触及一种佛教中称为”阿赖耶识“的集体无意识，而成员们能够成为”阿赖耶识“抵抗西方入侵的代言人。

The Alaya Party is a Japanese far-right party that combines religion, mysticism, nationalism and pan-Asianism and has its own paramilitary organization. Okita Souji(Alter), is not so much a spiritual leader as a symbol. The members of the Alaya Party believe that liberalism and communism are just different paths of conspiracy through which Europeans will conquer the world, and thus adhere to the anti-communist and anti-capitalism claims. It is worth noting that its members believe that members can reach a collective unconscious called “Alaya” in Buddhism through hard religious practice, and members can become the agent of “Alaya” to resist invaders from the West.

坂本龙马：
自由党是日本自由派为了对抗幕府和其他右翼势力而组建的松散同盟，由部分财阀和一批雄心勃勃的改革家以及在英美的日本人组成。坂本龙马即是这些改革家中的一员。以坂本为首的一批人士认为日本的明治维新是一场不彻底的国家主义变革，并没有真正地触及西方世界的精髓。其中的部分人员甚至相信明治维新是日本之后一系列政治倒退的起源，从而谋求一场真正的革新。

The Liberal Party is a loose alliance formed by the Japanese liberals to fight the shogunate and other right-wing forces. It consists of some chaebols and a group of ambitious reformers, as well as Japanese in Britain and the United States. Sakamoto Ryoma is one of these reformers. A group of people led by Sakamoto believed that the Meiji Restoration of Japan was an incomplete nationalist change and did not really touch the essence of the Western world. Some of them even believed that the Meiji Restoration was the origin of a series of political retrogressions after Japan, and sought a true revolution.

苍崎青子：
日本赫赫有名的大家族苍崎家的家族继承权出人意料地落在了苍崎青子的手上，从而开启了苍崎青子和苍崎橙子长达三年的继承权斗争。苍崎青子自由奔放的性格和对于党派活动的漠不关心让姐姐橙子大为光火。不过，苍崎青子本人对于破坏性的武器却有超乎常人的兴趣，据说在地下室中收藏了全日本口径最大的火炮，使得她一度被认为拥有一个个人的军火库。

The family inheritance right of the famous Japanese family Aozaki unexpectedly fell on the hands of Aozaki Aoki, thus opening up a three-year struggle for inheritance rights of Aozaki Aoko and Aozaki Touko. The free and unrestrained character of Aoko and the indifference to party activities have made her sister, Touko very angry. However, Aozaki Aoko herself has an extraordinary interest in destructive weapons. It is said that she has collected the largest Japanese artillery in the basement, making her once considered to have a personal arsenal.


